welcome to the Brasi food network with
Chef Bobby what chef put together some
of your favorite Italian dishes cooked
to perfection at Brasi brick-oven
restaurant and pizzeria located in
manahawkin new jersey stay tuned for
more of our traditional and specialty
italian meals only on the Brasi Food
Network for more information about our
restaurant or the Brasi Food Network
calls six zero nine five nine seven
eight one six one which a lot of people
seem to think that they do a classy dish
but I'm gonna be showing you the classic
way that I was born so here we go
well let's out some green onions or
scallions we have our special
Vonda and we're gonna have a little bit
of fresh ground pepper which I'd like to
use and
playing that later on I also have a
little bit of extra is lucky that we got
is prosciutto which a lot of guys don't
use because they feel that
you know it's not needed but it's a very
important part of this dish so let's get
cracking
I'm going to start out with about two
tablespoons and
okay we're gonna let that heat up
then we're going to start out with some
mom
minced garlic
I have some shots
everything worked him real nice you got
these shallots tantalizing to have the
garlic brownie
and what we're gonna hit it first is
with the Amaka
we're gonna hit it with Roxy shop
marinara
heavy
like to use a little chicken stock in
mine alright just a little touch to thin
it out
little bit off
water lightly salted
and we're gonna S&P it which is salt and
pepper there you go I like to use the
fresh ground pepper like I said earlier
because you know there's poisons in the
pepper corn so when you crack it like
that the oils release and it kind of
just gives a little extra flavor instead
of just being hot so we want we want
that pepper taste and we'll just don't
let that work real nice here
you got a nice color is that that pink
color and we're just gonna let
everything kind of melt together we got
our penne pasta work
I passed the machine here takes about
eight minutes if you wanted out that day
ten minutes you know if you want a
little bit softer Plus what we're going
to do is
yup our pasta
I already precooked this
and it right into the vodka sauce
now we're gonna let it kind of melt
together now the starch from the past is
actually gonna thicken the sauce as well
okay and then from there as we're
working it as its introducing I call
this reducing the pitch I just want to
show the people out there about how this
vodka is really work and how it's all
melding together it's thickening up the
sauce you got a nice being colleague of
the reserve go to scallions and
everything working real nice and it's
just about ready to plate I mean it's
got a nice texture I'm loving it right
now all right here we go we're gonna
wait until the bubbles just a little bit
there you go
the ruin if you want you can put your
Parmesan Reggiano cheese not I recommend
Rajanna but the Papa Schadt is just
perfect
a classic penne alla vodka normally they
put a little bit of a crack red pepper
so I just like the family just touch it
a little bit for me I like to go a
little crazy you know I put it in there
but you don't have to do it but a
classic way they always can pitch up the
red pepper so that's that I got
everything now complete
it's got a little kick to it I just wish
you were here to taste this because this
is
I long I would like you to say the time
Wow that that's the wow factor and I
thought we are about bronty's is the wow
factor so this is our classic penne alla
vodka you make your French real real
happy at home so come and join me next
week at the proxy house proxy Food
Network stay - Mabel gonna do some
chicken roll TVs baby we're gonna do
some eggplant palm I don't know whatever
I'm working up here it's always crazy up
here it's always a crazy day at prices
thank you we'll see you soon ciao